Direct Associations (#9182)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/domain-model/associations/_index.md

In Mendix 10.3.0 and above, you can reverse an association direction by right-clicking the association and selecting **Reverse direction**.

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Reversing the association will result in the loss of existing associations, but the objects themselves will not be deleted.

Reviewer: > Reversing the association will result in the loss of existing associations

Can we rephrase this so it is more clear that the first mention of "association" refers to the model, and the second to data?

Author: Change attempted, please let me know if it looks OK.

```suggestion
Reversing the association in the domain model will result in the loss of existing association links between objects, but the objects themselves will not be deleted.
```
